Base: Add more manpages (v2) (#7611)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man1/more.md

## Name

more - page through text

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ more
```

## Description

> `more` takes data from standard output and prints it to standard output, screen by screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`more` reads data from standard input and prints it to standard output, screen by screen.
```
